# Presenters

[Hao-Wen Dong](https://salu133445.github.io/) is a PhD student in Electrical and Computer Engineering at University of California San Diego. Previously, he did a research internship in the Research and Development Division at Yamaha Corporation in Japan. Before that, he was a research assistant in the Music and AI Lab directed by Dr. Yi-Hsuan Yang at Academia Sinica in Taiwan. He earned his bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering major at National Taiwan University. His research interests include machine learning, music information retrieval and computer vision.

[Yi-Hsuan Yang](http://mac.citi.sinica.edu.tw/~yang/) is an Associate Research Fellow with Academia Sinica, where he leads a research lab called the Music and AI Lab. He received his Ph.D. degree in communication engineering from National Taiwan University in 2010. He is also a Joint-Appointment Associate Professor with the National Cheng Kung University. His research interests include music information retrieval, affective computing, and machine learning. Dr. Yang was a recipient of the 2011 IEEE Signal Processing Society Young Author Best Paper Award, the 2012 ACM Multimedia Grand Challenge First Prize, and the 2015 Best Conference Paper Award of the IEEE Multimedia Communications Technical Committee. In 2014, he served as a Technical Program Chair of the International Society for Music Information Retrieval Conference (ISMIR). He gave a tutorial on “Music Affect Recognition: The State-of-the-art and Lessons Learned” in ISMIR 2012. He was an Associate Editor for the IEEE Transactions on Affective Computing and the IEEE Transactions on Multimedia in 2016–2019. He is currently on a sabbatical leave to work with a privately funded research organization in Taipei called the Taiwan AI Labs.
